1) What's the company's name?
Paintco.


2. How many locations do they have?
Just 1


3. How many employees comprise the entire organization?
25 Employees


4. Provide the logic you used to estimate the total number of employees.
It's based on factors like availability in the area, someone who can manage the systems as to who goes to where and making sure there's a steady stream of
new customers online.






5) What do they sell or
how do they generate revenue? 


Dealing with artistry and hardware talent, clients can hire professional or freelance workers depending on the job and what they need, 
depending on whether they need something physical or a more hands on approach. As this is commission based and based on ratings,
 the user must decide who they want and a cut of the proceeds go to the company itself and to those hired.


6)Give an estimate of their gross annual revenue


Probably about 100-200k a year?


 
7) What are the
transactions that drive your company's operations? 
We want to encourage our users to continue looking at our company  so we’d like to offer a 10% referral deal and seasonal offers
 to attract more customers. How the company works is that for we can offer high quality work from people who are passionate about what they do for a modest rate.
Online commissioned based work on a per-hire basis. Ratings and performance will be evaluated.




8) How many of each type occurs per day?
Well all the work is on a per hire basis but depending whether it deals with installation, physical labor or artistry, there will be several of those kinds.
There would probably be 10 at most, our employees need breaks and nourishment too while working for our clients.


9) Provide the logic behind your estimate of the number of transactions.
It's based on real world factors  such as the seasons, what kind of service will people most likely want on a given day, how our workers are feeling and
if anyone can sub in for them, deals, etc.


10) What is the throughput of your system in bytes per second?


24kbs?


11) Provide the logic behind your estimate of throughput.
We don't think we'll get that many customers at first.




12) 12. A client is someone who seeks your company's services. You are in business to serve your 
clients. Identify who the clients are of your company's business?
We are in business to service our customers with work from people who care about what they do.
People who would need installation, physical labor or artwork done. That would usually be small companies or individual customers who can’t afford much more from other companies.




13) A supplier is a person or organization that your company relies on to do business. Who are your
company's suppliers? 
Lapsed workers from competition, college-age students who need a decent job that’ll allow them to practice their work, etc.
